Add docs for HTTPRoute timeouts + retries + route metrics (#1814)
linkerd/website: linkerd.io/content/2.16/reference/timeouts.md

+++
title = "Timeouts"
description = "How Linkerd implements timeouts."
+++

Linkerd can be configured with timeouts to limit the maximum amount of time on
a request before aborting.

Timeouts are a client-side behavior, and are therefore performed by the

> outbound side of the Linkerd proxy.[^1] Note that if these timeouts are reached,
> the request will not be retried. Retry timeouts can be configured as part of
> [retry configuration](../retries/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
outbound side of the Linkerd proxy.[^1] Note that configuring timeouts alone will _not_ automatically retry requests that time out! You'll need to also [configure Linkerd retries](../retries/) if you want that to happen.
```

## Configuring Timeouts

Timeous are configured by a set of annotations which can be set on a Kubernetes

> Service resource or on a HttpRoute or GrpcRoute which has a Service as a parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service resource, or on a HTTPRoute or GRPCRoute which has a Service as a parent.
```

Client proxies will then fail requests to that Service or route once they exceed
the timeout. If any timeout configuration annotations are present on a route
resource, they override all timeout configuration annotations on the parent
Service.

{{< warning >}}
Timeouts configured in this way are **incompatible with ServiceProfiles**. If a
[ServiceProfile](../../features/service-profiles/) is defined for a Service,
proxies will use the ServiceProfile timeout configuration and ignore any timeout
annotations.
{{< /warning >}}

> + `timeout.linkerd.io/request`: The maximum amount of time a full

Reviewer: I wonder if we should relate this back to ServiceProfile timeouts, or timeouts as specified by an HTTPRoute `spec.timeout` stanza...

request-response stream is in flight.
+ `timeout.linkerd.io/response`: The maximum amount of time a backend response

> may be in-flight.

Author: I don't think those are accurate.  My understanding is that the request timeout is measured from Linkerd sends the request header to when both request and response streams are closed and the response timeout is measured from when Linkerd receives the response header until the response stream is closed.  But I'm not 100% sure and I'm inclined to leave this a bit vague until we can confirm the exact behavior.

> may be in-flight.

Reviewer: Leaving it vague sounds good then. 🙂
